Dude what happened a few months ago was that I
bought ACO car insurance because
I was seeing companies
wanting to sell me insurance for ₹40,000.
When I bought my car MG ZX EV,
I was charged an insurance of ₹80 to ₹90,000 in the first year.
Now Acco people
gave me insurance for around ₹15 to
₹18,000.  And I thought maybe this was a
scam.  So I bought that
insurance.  One thing
they told me about insurance was that we will
give you a discount of ₹6000.  But if you make
your claim, you will have to pay that ₹6000
deductible.  I said no problem.
So what happened was what I was
not waiting for.  One day I was
going to school with my son from home office and the
driver was driving at 7:00 in the morning
and he hit the car inside a bus.   The
bus driver was not at fault at all.  The fault lies with the one
who is
unable to control the vehicle and hits the victim directly.
So it was my driver's fault.  Anyway, leave it.
Accident happened.
I am posting photographs below.  You can see what
happened.   I
hope you saw what happened,
I must have put photographs of everything from front, back, right and left, so this accident happened in the
morning, then I dropped my son to school
and at the same time before dropping him to school, I
went to EKKO and reported his application there,
what all has happened,
he wanted a driving license.
I put all the details of the person who was driving the car there.
Then I
thought I got the time at 12:00 PM that at
12:00 AM now at 7:00 AM you will get a
call at 12:00 PM.  You wait, wait.  So
Bachchan sahab waited and someone
called at 12:00.  Some called him Khaja.
Mr. Khaja, Mr. Mohammad Khaja,
his name was something like this.  And he told me
what to say?  Now the assessment will take place, first it took
two days in which my car was
parked at home, finally their surveyor came, the claim
surveyor went and gave the assessment, the
car was parked at my house and during that time I was not driving the car,
obviously people said
that now you send the car to MG, I
sent the car to MG, MG checked the car, then
MG said that now their person will come, then I started
coordinating with MG and one by one the
car insurance person finally
reached there.  At one point I felt as if
I was working for both MG and
Ekko.  Because many times the claim
handler was not supporting them at all.  The
claim handler was saying that
I will not give this to you.  This, that, this, that, means some
problem which comes in any process, there was a
problem in that process.  Ok?
Finally he said that we have approved all the
things.  After his approval, MG
started the work.  MG completed his work
in a day or two.  But after that the
problem arises that now MG will have to get the money
from the company directly from
Ekko people. Ekko people told me that
you will have to pay only that deductible of ₹6000,
no, your deductible is around ₹6000
which you had said and if it is an electric vehicle
then ₹2000 is deductible, you will have to pay ₹8000.
I said no issues but from the day
of the accident till the day my car came back
to me there was a period of eight days.  Eight
days without a car, which I think could have been
processed in four days.  Ok
?  I mean, I didn't have to call many times.   They do
n't even give you any Ekko number to
call directly.  You have to
go directly to the application and that is the only way to
contact them.  They will take five six
hours and they will get back to you.  There is
no WhatsApp, there is no nothing.  You can only
contact one person using the application which is a
very confusing application.  It's
not easy to operate and I consider myself a very
smart guy.  But
despite being technically sound, I also faced a lot of
difficulties and problems.  So but at the
end of the day the thing is that the 8 days it took
me could have easily been six days.
Which is a reasonable time.  I'm okay with that.
These people had generated a bill of Rs 94,000.  Out
of which,
ACO people have supported Rs 86,000.  Right?  So
overall how much do I give the service on a
scale of one to 10 I give it a solid eight
on 10.  I will cut it at two on 10 because
I had to call the claim handler several
times.  And from my side, I was
explaining things to them.
They Weren't Always There and I Had to Get
Behind Them and Get It All Done.  But so if
you are in a similar situation and your
car also meets with an accident, then brother, you should
know that you will have to face the headache of
doing all these things.  Number one, if you, if
you just have an accident right now, you have to
go to the application and file a
claim, start a claim process, there's an eight
and nine step process in that and you have to do
the headache.  Nobody Else Will Come and
Do It for You.  You have to ensure that
this process is being followed that
someone comes to your house first and checks it.  Then the MG
guys are checking your car.  Then the
Ekko guy is going to the MG guys.
Then he is giving approval at the right time.
After that finally he is giving you the money also.
You will have to insure everything.
If you fall asleep, son, your work will not be done.
Ok?  So know all this.  Overall
I give Run 8 on 10 Value for money I would
say again 8 on 10.  I don't know
how much longer it would have taken me if I had another company.
But the same thing happened last year.
Basically, the problem is that
before buying this, please make sure that
whatever brand of vehicle you are buying, its
centre or service
centre should support cashless payments.  Because
what happens with Ekko many times is that the
MG people will tell you that there is no cashless payment, so
you will have to pay and then Ekko will
pay you.  This is all nonsense.  Make sure
you get the cashless payment and you don't have to pay anything
out of your pocket and then choose them
for reimbursement.  Don't do that.  That
is a scam which I don't think you should get into.
MG people were also telling me that
Appo people have not sent the money yet.
Your car has been standing ready for two days.  This will be a
lot of that drama, brother.  This is Hindustan.   There
is no shortage of drama here.  There
is no dearth of work theft here.  Everyone will delay you.
You have to stand firm.  And yes, friends,
listen to one more thing.  I have tweeted at least four
times on the Ekko customer tweet page and
complaint page that
I have not received it yet.  he was not found.
Brother, I had to act a lot.  But I am that type
of guy.  If I get bad service,
I start chasing you, brother.  And since the car
is yours, you will have to bear
all the headache.  Barkhurdar.   Am
I overstating the headache I have
?  Yes, I'm probably scaring you 10-20%
more.  But it's better if I scare you than if
most of the world scares you.  Ok?  The
devil you know is better than the devil you don't know.
Ok?  So trade carefully guys.  Overall
I recommend this insurance for your car.
My car is worth 28 lax?  And I have
taken the full insurance.  I have taken only
50% of the car value as insurance.  There is
also a funda in that that if tomorrow your
car gets totaled then you will get 50 to 70%.  You will
not get 100%.  This is also a
funda.  Well anyways thank you for
watching guys.  I thought there would be no accident in my car.  That's when
I was left to pay the deductible.
But I am okay
with it.  I don't care.  Everything worked
out fine.  I am going to share some after
photographs also with you if I have them.
But everything looks as good as new.
One negative thing I would like to say to MG is that
when they polish your
internals, many times these three